docs: placing wkld in any subnets (#3605)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/include/network.en.md

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.</span><a id="network-vpc-placement" href="#network-vpc-placement" class="field">`placement`</a> <span class="type">String or Map</span>  
When using it as a string, the value must be one of `'public'` or `'private'`. Defaults to launching your tasks in public subnets.

!!! info
    If you launch tasks in `'private'` subnets and use a Copilot-generated VPC, Copilot will automatically add NAT Gateways to your environment for internet connectivity. (See [pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/pricing/).) Alternatively, when running `copilot env init`, you can import an existing VPC with NAT Gateways, or one with VPC endpoints for isolated workloads. See our [custom environment resources](../developing/custom-environment-resources.en.md) page for more.

When using it as a map, you can specify in which subnets Copilot should launch ECS tasks. For example:

```yaml
network:
  vpc:
    placement:
      subnets: ["SubnetID1", "SubnetID2"]
```

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.placement.</span><a id="network-vpc-placement-subnets" href="#network-vpc-placement-subnets" class="field">`subnets`</a> <span class="type">Array of Strings</span>  

> A list of IDs for subnets where Copilot launches ECS tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of subnet IDs where Copilot launches ECS tasks.
```
